Answers to Study Guide

1. Rather than commit changes one by one like git SVN commit changes all at once. There's only a single repository that can be used with Subversion. Don't have to statge files before commiting and only have to add it once inorder to track it. Git is more branch friendly as opposed to SVN.

2. Commits in SVN are handled by first making sure the file is added to the repository and is in the trunk within the main directory. 

3. Checkouts in SVN are performed by using the command svn checkout or svn co for short. 

4. To create the local working environment with svn a user needs to either create a repository on GitHub and do a svn checkout so that the local files will be treated like the work copy. Or if a user doesnt want to use GitHub they can create a folder for svn then link the repo folder to the folder where all the files are on the local drive.

5. To add files to the repository a user needs to move the files either using the command line or through the file explorer into the folder of the repository. Then once it is in the folder a user has to input the svn add name_of_file then it should be added. 

6. Branches in SVN are handled differently than they are in git. In git, branches were the reason git was created. In svn, not so much. You can have branches but there is no need for them. It remembers that any two barnches are related to eachother. You can also duplicate changes in one branch to another or even make changes to your working copy. Basically all branching does is make a copy of your work and puts it in another directory so you can work on it. 

7. There is no limit to how many branches there are at one time. Although having many can cause a i of confusion. 

8. Once you get you a working copy and the svn repository the local copy just looks like the folder and files that you have been editing. 

9. TO check the status of the files you are working on, just type on svn status in the command prompt. Just make sure it is a working copy otherwise you will get an error.

10. There's no set time for how long branches are supposed to exist in svn. Just as long as the user sees fit.

11. With merging in subversion all you are doing is copying specific parts of the branch to another branch or to the trunk or even copy all the changes on your branch to the trunk.

12. Svn was created to be a successor to CVS, by creating an open source system witha design similar to CVS and attempting to avoid most of CVS's noticeable flaws.


